Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Rubick.
And in this story we will be continuing our journey with operators.
And in this story, we will be covering about assignment operator and the bitwise operator.
So starting on with the first topic, that is assignment operators in Ruby.
So there are multiple assignment operators you can use in Ruby, which are listed right on your screens.
The first one is the equal to operator that is called the simple assignment operator that assigns a
values from the right operation to the left side operand.
And you have already covered that in the previous tutorials.
Then we have the plus equal to Operator and it is known as the add and assignment operator.
And what it does is that it adds the right operand to the left operand and it assigns the result to
the left operand.
Then we have the minus equal to that is known as the subtract and assignment operator.
And what it do is that it subtracts the right operand from the left operand and assign the result to
the left operand.
Then we have the starick equal to operator that is known as the multiply and assignment operator.
And what it do is that it multiplies the right of print with the left operand and assign the result
to the left operand.
Then we have this backslash equal to that is known as divide and assignment operator that divides the
left upper end or the right upper end and assigned the result to the left option.
Then we have the percentage equal to that is known as the modulus and assignment operator.
It takes the modulus using to operand and assigned the result to the left upper.
And then finally we have the double starick equal to operator that is known as the explosion and assignment
operator that performs exponential bovver calculation on operators and assign value to the left or PERENT.
So these are some of the assignment operators you would encounter when using Ruby.
And if you look at all of this assignment operator, as you can see that they are basically a combination
of Artomatic operators and this is equal to sign.
You can use that.
All of these are the Artomatic operators and you will have to just use this equal to sign with all of
them to make them the assignment operators.
So the second topic we are going to cover is known as the bitwise operator.
And there are some bitwise operators you will come across in Truby, the first one is the end operator
and it is known as the bindery and operator, and it copies a bit to the result if it exists in both
operands.
Now, you have already covered this and and this are operator table in the previous tutorial, the second
one, which is our operator and is also known as the bindery or operator that copies Abbett that exist
in either operands.
Then we have the binary X or operator that copies the bid if it is set in one operator, but not both.
Then we have this negation that is basically the binary one compliment operator, which is unary and
has the effect of flipping bets.
If you are familiar with some kind of computer knowledge, then you know how to calculate the once compliment
of a certain binary number.
Then we have this binary left operator that consists of two less than Signe's.
Now, in this, the left operand value is left by the number of words specified by the right or print.
Then we have the binary right shift operator that is represented with two greater than signs, and in
that the left upper end value is moved right by the number of bits that are specified by the right operand.
So finally, let's move on to the example spot and cover the example of both the assignment operator
and the bitwise operator.
So we will start on with assignment operator and we will just cover one or two of them because all of
the rest are the very same.
So let's move on to Atem.
So now what we have is that we have Artomatic operators combined with the equal sign and we have to
use them right over here.
So starting on with the first one that was equal, do so if you write an equal to five, that is what
it's called assignment and now it has the value of five.
So do use any of the three, four or five remaining.
What we will do is that what we would do is first, let's just output this a run this and you can see
that it has generated four five on the output screen.
Now, what you will do is that you will write in a loss equal to six.
And if you just.
Output, the value of it now around this gold, and as you can see, that the value of is now 11.
Now, why it is because this statement over here means.
That is equal to a plus six, so in the previous case was five, so this is going to be replaced with
five.
Six is going to be added to it because this is six, and when you just output this again, it is going
to return 11 because five plus six is equal to 11 in our case.
Similarly, if you use the other one, for example, minus equal to her underscore, that is going to
be minus one because five minus six is going to equal to minus one or a hill.
Similarly, if you use the Starick 11, this means that five or six are going to be multiplied around
the score and it is going to generate 30 for you.
And that's how the remaining assignment operators can be used in Ruby.
So moving on to the bitwise operators now, let's just remove this from here.
So starting on with the and operator, so let's say we have it that is equal to, let's say seven and
then we have B equal to let's say five.
So now when we want to do is that we have to specify votes and we have to write in seven.
And five and what you have to do is that you have to write in DOT to S and you have to write in the
base for that.
Now, always remember that the base for converting a number into bindery is two, so one, seven and
five.
The operation is performed on these two number and it is converted into binary Randy's code.
And it says that and it's a string.
So I guess we have to encode this.
Run now and you can see that it is generating a one on one, and if you want to know that, what is
one or one over here?
So what do you have to do is that you have to just remove this from here, run the school, and you
can see that five is generated on the output screen.
So that's how basically you can go on with things.
So that is how.
An operator is performed on the two number seven and five want to perform to our operator, just specify
this sign, run the score and triple one is going to be the output when our operation is going to be
performed on this.
Now, this output is basically generated because the code for sound to a hill is basically zero zero
zero zero zero one one one.
And if you talk about the code for this five, it is basically equal to zero zero zero zero and zero
one zero one.
So one more zero, I guess.
Yes.
All right.
So this is the code for seven.
This is the code for five.
Now, when an operation is performed on these.
Then what is going to be the output for that, it is basically going to be this zero zero and since
both are zero, that's where the output is going to be zero.
Then again, we have zero zero output is again going to be zero, then zero zero zero.
And now, as you can see that it says one one source is both are true.
So as I told you before, now, if both the operators are true, then the output is going to be true
as well.
And as you can see, that we have one zero here, so it is going to be zero again.
And finally, we have one one.
So it is going to be, again, equal to one.
And as you can see, that the output generated is the zero one zero one and this is equal to zero one
zero one, which is the code for five.
So that's why the output is also going to be equal to five.
And as you have seen that when we run the code, the output generated was one to one because these zeros
are ignored.
So one on one was generated, which is the code for five.
And when we removed this statement from here, you have already seen that one zero one was generated.
Now, if you talk about the operator and the operator, I have told you.
That board, the operators are basically going to.
The false if the output is going to be false.
So here it is going to be false, then we have one one it is going to be one, then we have one zero,
which is going to be one again.
And then we have one one, which is going to be one.
Because the condition for our operator is that if any of the condition is true, any of the input is
true, then the output is going to be true as well.
So that's why triple one is going to be generated, as you can see right over here.
And triple one is the code for this Salino over here.
That's why I have taken seven and five so that it becomes very easy for you to understand.
And if you just remove this stuff from here now.
Iran discord, and as you can see, that Salman is going to be generated because this is now the code
for seven.
And if you just base this O'Haire around, the so-called triple one is going to be generated, which
is right here.
That is the result of these two operations.
Now, talking about the third one, that is the bindery, ex or operator that copies the bid if it is
set in, one operated, but not both.
So if you just run this by specifying this side of a hill or underscored one zero is going to be the
answer.
Now, why is one zero going to be the output is because.
If you just look at this code of salmon, that is triple one and then we have this one zero one over
here and for example, both have to be the different science.
So that's why this one one is again going to return zero.
This one zero is going to return one because it's a W four X or to return a positive value.
But the conditions have to be opposite.
So since it is the same deal here, we have the same.
So that's why we have zeros on the output and here we have this one.
And for the B we have the zero.
So one is going to be generated that again, we have the same value.
So that's why zero is going to be generated.
That's why we have one zero in our binary output.
And if you just remove this from here, run this code.
It is going to return true to because this is the binary code for the decimal value to.
So that's how this Astarte operator, that is the bindery operator is going to be used, then we have
the bindery once compliment operator that is unary and has the affect of flipping birds.
So what we will do is that if you just remove these two from Hill, specify the negation side.
Right, and to underscore as two plates held or underscored.
And basically what it did is that it took the once compliment of this sound of a hair that is negative
one oh oh oh, so that's how the once compliment is going to be generated, because what once compliment
is that it actually.
Did the four birds that have some value, since these have no value, so they are going to be just ignored
in this case, zero, triple one is hell, what is going to be added to it?
It is going to be performed.
And in simple words, what are you going to do is that you can just place one at the start and zero
zero zero.
What you can do is that you can just simply flip the bits, as you can see over here, that it has the
effect of flipping the bat.
So what we have done over here, that if you have simply flipped the bats, hell, so that's how the
once compliment is going to be generated.
Then we have the bindery left shift operator and the bindery right shift operator, the binary operator
basically in that we have the left operant value which is moved left.
By the number of beds specified by the right to operate, so if you talk about this, so what we will
do is that we will perform.
Let's say, and we want to move it by two beds, run the code and you can see that one is right here
on our screens.
So basically what it did is that since this was what we have here, let's just remove this from here.
So it moved the beds towards the right, which means that these two beds were moved towards their right
and they were dropped from the from the right side.
So when these two beds were dropped from the right side, two zeros were added to the left side to add
two zeros.
And then whatever is left is going to be right.
That is zero one.
So just write in zero one.
So triple zero one is basically the binary code for one.
So that's why one is basically our output here.
Then we have the left shift operator.
That is something like this.
Run this code and it will generate triple one, double zero over here.
So just take it into account.
You have to move towards that right now to do it and you have to add in two zeros.
So since it was actually zero zero zero zero here, since now the case is going to move to eight beds
now.
So that's why you have to just write in the output as zero zero zero and then you have to move these
three because that is one one one.
And you have to add two zeros to the right side now because you have performed the left shift on this.
So the prince from the right are shifted towards the left.
So always remember then when shifting towards the left, zeros are going to be added towards the right.
And when shifting towards the right, the right bits are going to be dropped simply and towards the
left side you will add zeros.
So this is the output, triple one, double zero.
And I don't know what is the code for that to check this.
Just remove this from here on this.
And it is the code for 28 and it's basically applied.
So these were some of the examples you have just come out and hope that you have understand the concept
of assignment operator and the important one in that tutorial was this bitwise operator.
And you will use a lot of bitwise operators in which and and are are going to be used in abundance in
the future tutorials.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next aureole.